.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

Do the checklist before filing an issue:

 * [ ] Is this related to the `actions-rs` Actions? If not, use GitHub Community forum to ask questions about Actions in a whole: https://github.community
 * [ ] You've read the Contributing section about bugs reporting: https://github.com/actions-rs/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-bugs
 * [ ] Is this something you can debug and fix? Send a pull request! Bug fixes and documentation fixes are welcome.

## Description

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

## Used environment

### Workflow code

```yaml
Paste that part of your workflow yaml file that causes the bug in here.

Alternatively you can remove that code block and insert direct link to your workflow file.
Ensure that link points to the specific commit, and not just to the master branch.
```
 
### Action output

```
Copy and paste Action output logs in here.

How else can you help on that step:
1. Enable debug logs first: https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/docs/action-debugging.md
2. Re-run the job
2. Download logs archive for job run and attach it to this issue
```

## Expected behavior

A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

## Additional context

Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

A bit better text about github community forum

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

Do the checklist before filing an issue:

 * [ ] Is this related to the `actions-rs` Actions?
       If you think it's a problem related to Github Actions in general, use GitHub Community forum instead: https://github.community
 * [ ] You've read the Contributing section about bugs reporting: https://github.com/actions-rs/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#reporting-bugs
 * [ ] Is this something you can debug and fix? Send a pull request! Bug fixes and documentation fixes are welcome.

## Description

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

## Workflow code

```yaml
Paste that part of your workflow yaml file that causes the bug in here.

Alternatively you can remove that code block and insert direct link to your workflow file.
Ensure that link points to the specific commit, and not just to the master branch.
```
 
## Action output

```
Copy and paste Action output logs in here.

How else can you help on that step:
1. Enable debug logs first: https://github.com/actions/toolkit/blob/master/docs/action-debugging.md
2. Re-run the job
2. Download logs archive for job run and attach it to this issue
```

## Expected behavior

A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

## Additional context

Add any other context about the problem here.
